---
layout: page
title: 
permalink: /projects/
---
<br />
<p align="center">
List of <b>projects</b> that I am currently working on.
</p>

### <center>Enriching Ontologies using Cardinality Axioms (Active) </center>
<<p style="text-align: center;">>
📢 Building an ontology automatically is known as ontology learning. Though these ontologies scale well in terms of number of concepts, relationships, and the coverage, their quality is not good. Other axiom types, apart from simple subclass relations, are missing in the ontologies generated by the learning systems. In this work, we focus on extracting cardinality relations from text and add them to an existing ontology. We are working in extracting three types of cardinality relations from unstructured text, minimum, maximum, and exact.
</p>


### <center>Ontology Enrichment Benchmark (Active) </center>
<p style="text-align: center;">
📢 Ontology learning is the process of building ontologies automatically from unstructured data sources such as text. Several ontology learning systems have been developed, but they have been trained and tested on different datasets. In order to evaluate and compare these systems as well as make progress in ontology learning, it is critical to have good benchmarks. In this project, we work on generating text with annotations that can be used to build ontologies with different types of axioms.
</p>  
### <center>Ontology Enrichment using Union and Intersection Axioms (Past)</center>
<p style="text-align: center;">
📢Many  ontologies,  especially  the  ones  created  automatically by the ontology learning systems, have only shallow relationships  between  the  concepts,  i.e.,  simple  subclass  relations. Expressive axioms such as the class union and intersection are not part of the ontology. These axioms make the ontology  rich  and  play  an  essential  role  in  the  performance  of downstream  applications.  However,  such  relations  are  generally part of the text documents. We are working on extracting union and intersection axioms from text using entity linking and taxonomic tree search.
</p>

